SymSGD documentation (#3345)
dotnet/machinelearning: docs/api-reference/io-columns-binary-classification.md

| Output Column Name | Column Type | Description|
| -- | -- | -- |
| `Score` | <xref:System.Single> | The unbounded score that was calculated by the trainer to determine the prediction.|
| `PredictedLabel` | <xref:System.Boolean> | The label predicted by the trainer. `false` maps to negative score and `true` maps to positive score.|

> | `Probability` | <xref:System.Single> | The probability of the score in range [0, 1].|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Probability` | <xref:System.Single> | The probability of having true as the label. Probability value is in range [0, 1].|
```
